== Contributing

I value any contribution to i18n-tasks-csv you can provide: a bug report, a
feature request, or code contributions.

=== Dependencies

i18n-tasks-csv uses Ryan Davis’s {Hoe}[https://github.com/seattlerb/hoe] to
manage the release process, and it adds a number of rake tasks. To assist with
the installation of the development dependencies for i18n-tasks-csv, I have
provided the simplest possible Gemfile pointing to the (generated)
+i18n-tasks-csv.gemspec+ file. This will permit you to do:

    $ bundle install

to get the development dependencies.

=== Workflow

Here's the most direct way to get your work merged into the project:

* Fork the project.
* Clone down your fork (<tt>git clone git://github.com/<username>/i18n-tasks-csv.git</tt>).
* Create a topic branch to contain your change (<tt>git checkout -b my\_awesome\_feature</tt>).
* Hack away, add tests. Not necessarily in that order.
* Make sure everything still passes by running +rake+.
* If necessary, rebase your commits into logical chunks, without errors.
* Push the branch up (<tt>git push origin my\_awesome\_feature</tt>).
* Create a pull request against halostatue/i18n-tasks-csv and describe
  what your change does and the why you think it should be merged.

=== Contributors

* Austin Ziegler created i18n-tasks-csv based on work by Kai Schlicting.
* Kai Schlicting created the tasks originally presented in the {i18n-tasks
  Wiki}[https://github.com/glebm/i18n-tasks/wiki/Custom-CSV-import-and-export-tasks].
